lets go brother, get role og now
Don't sleep before og. keep strong
you can get og tomorow, stay healty bro
everyone dont forget to drink coffee and be in the right spirit
I wish you success in this valuable campaign. I am by your side and I will try to add others. Thank you.
Don't sleep before og .wkwk
keep it up and don't give up.  the spirit to achieve what you want to keep trying as much as possible.  and don't forget to pray:fire: :moyai: 
don't sleep mate because time is money 
coffee and stayy on laptop guyss
Don't forget to take care of your health, friends, Poodle is important but health is much more important sorry just a reminder, keep fighting don't give up until all of our hopes are achieved.
keep pushin till og, and then sleep tight 
Dont forget for sleep guys,  Next push lvl 
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
nothing is easy. But there comes a time when things are easy. be patient, everything has its time.There's no ending until you stop trying and Don't forget take a rest guys. Reply this guys so u can get more exp
Keep spirit and active in community actually 
Support one another and help out. We've come too far to give up, Keep up the good work, Our hardwork will pay off soon
keep spirit and keep pushing until OG, because opportunity doesn't come twice
Those without avatar on their profile picture should try change it
i hope this project get to be succeded go Poodle go to future...
I agree with u, Poodle for the better future
Do you want to make a drink, do you prefer coffee or tea?
Why do you guys just too much spam without talk project Poodle?Can you talk anything without spamming in here?
never give up keep fighting push hallo all keep fighting
I want to get OG as soon as possible :smiley:
PLIS DONT SPAM read the #rules dont forgeting the rules so u cant get banned  KEEP IT UP GUYSS:fire::fire::love_you_gesture:
For the team and investors, hopefully they will always be healthy and continue to work on this project
if you need the latest information, please check the announcement. If you want to get info about the airdrop, please check airdrop. In general, if you want to get the OG role, please raise the level to 15 or invite 20 people. thank you
The price has dropped a lot :smiley:, I hope it will return to its good days
keep spirit and keep pushing until OG
just need to be active bro and sis..
Ough Ough Ough
This token will boom and to the Moon !
heyyy fam
ough ough ough 🐶
i think we must be visioner person
But with motivation can make you more enthusiastic and never give up. By reading these motivational words for yourself, you will be more enthusiastic about achieving all your hopes and dreams
Wow, that's quite the achievement! Congratulations! Something I can only dream of
LFG!
Typical of them.
Keep suport this good project..
Keep supPort this good project..
poodlesolana to the MOON..
continue, our friends will level up together to level 15 which has been set by the admin. so that our hard work pays off
Please don't spam with copy paste message stay loyal and be active and wait for your turn and must read our community #rules carefully :white_check_mark::white_check_mark:
Why do you guys just too much spam without talk project Poodle?Can you talk anything without spamming in here?
Heyy guys don't forget to drink a lot of water so that the OG push continues
congratulations for those of you who have OG, don't forget to be grateful
You do not need to be great to start something. Do it now and do not ever put off because the chance may not come twice.
Keep the spirit friends, in life, nothing is easy. but there comes a time when things are easy. be patient, everything has its time
Come on, don't give up, there are still lots of slots, get it quick and don't forget to always take care of your health because health is number 1, stay optimistic and consistent, there's still time, believe me we can do it...
lets goo guyss, keep spirit  and strong! take care for ur health! Reply my chat to get extra xp+++.
lets go Poodle i need project youI hope this is the best project good luck
Your positive action combined with positive thinking result in success
Please speak only English in general  chat section and many regional chat channel available so please check out :pray::pray::white_check_mark::white_check_mark:
what are the condition to get  role:: :: :: ::
Come on, all friends, don't give up, keep fighting for leveling up, go OG go OG :: :: ::